---
title: "TestPost"
date: 2020-04-29 12:39:00 +0900
categories: test
---
# Welcome to StackEdit!

Hi! I'm your first Markdown file in **StackEdit**. If you want to learn about StackEdit, you can read me. If you want to play with Markdown, you can edit me. Once you have finished with me, you can create new files by opening the **file explorer** on the left corner of the navigation bar.


# Files

StackEdit stores your files in your browser, which means all your files are automatically saved locally and are accessible **offline!**

## Create files and folders

The file explorer is accessible using the button in left corner of the navigation bar. You can create a new file by clicking the **New file** button in the file explorer. You can also create folders by clicking the **New folder** button.

## Switch to another file

All your files and folders are presented as a tree in the file explorer. You can switch from one to another by clicking a file in the tree.

## Rename a file

You can rename the current file by clicking the file name in the navigation bar or by clicking the **Rename** button in the file explorer.

## Delete a file

You can delete the current file by clicking the **Remove** button in the file explorer. The file will be moved into the **Trash** folder and automatically deleted after 7 days of inactivity.

## Export a file

You can export the current file by clicking **Export to disk** in the menu. You can choose to export the file as plain Markdown, as HTML using a Handlebars template or as a PDF.


# Synchronization

Synchronization is one of the biggest features of StackEdit. It enables you to synchronize any file in your workspace with other files stored in your **Google Drive**, your **Dropbox** and your **GitHub** accounts. This allows you to keep writing on other devices, collaborate with people you share the file with, integrate easily into your workflow... The synchronization mechanism takes place every minute in the background, downloading, merging, and uploading file modifications.

There are two types of synchronization and they can complement each other:

- The workspace synchronization will sync all your files, folders and settings automatically. This will allow you to fetch your workspace on any other device.
	> To start syncing your workspace, just sign in with Google in the menu.

- The file synchronization will keep one file of the workspace synced with one or multiple files in **Google Drive**, **Dropbox** or **GitHub**.
	> Before starting to sync files, you must link an account in the **Synchronize** sub-menu.

## Open a file

You can open a file from **Google Drive**, **Dropbox** or **GitHub** by opening the **Synchronize** sub-menu and clicking **Open from**. Once opened in the workspace, any modification in the file will be automatically synced.

## Save a file

You can save any file of the workspace to **Google Drive**, **Dropbox** or **GitHub** by opening the **Synchronize** sub-menu and clicking **Save on**. Even if a file in the workspace is already synced, you can save it to another location. StackEdit can sync one file with multiple locations and accounts.

## Synchronize a file

Once your file is linked to a synchronized location, StackEdit will periodically synchronize it by downloading/uploading any modification. A merge will be performed if necessary and conflicts will be resolved.

If you just have modified your file and you want to force syncing, click the **Synchronize now** button in the navigation bar.

> **Note:** The **Synchronize now** button is disabled if you have no file to synchronize.

## Manage file synchronization

Since one file can be synced with multiple locations, you can list and manage synchronized locations by clicking **File synchronization** in the **Synchronize** sub-menu. This allows you to list and remove synchronized locations that are linked to your file.


# Publication

Publishing in StackEdit makes it simple for you to publish online your files. Once you're happy with a file, you can publish it to different hosting platforms like **Blogger**, **Dropbox**, **Gist**, **GitHub**, **Google Drive**, **WordPress** and **Zendesk**. With [Handlebars templates](http://handlebarsjs.com/), you have full control over what you export.

> Before starting to publish, you must link an account in the **Publish** sub-menu.

## Publish a File

You can publish your file by opening the **Publish** sub-menu and by clicking **Publish to**. For some locations, you can choose between the following formats:

- Markdown: publish the Markdown text on a website that can interpret it (**GitHub** for instance),
- HTML: publish the file converted to HTML via a Handlebars template (on a blog for example).

## Update a publication

After publishing, StackEdit keeps your file linked to that publication which makes it easy for you to re-publish it. Once you have modified your file and you want to update your publication, click on the **Publish now** button in the navigation bar.

> **Note:** The **Publish now** button is disabled if your file has not been published yet.

## Manage file publication

Since one file can be published to multiple locations, you can list and manage publish locations by clicking **File publication** in the **Publish** sub-menu. This allows you to list and remove publication locations that are linked to your file.


# Markdown extensions

StackEdit extends the standard Markdown syntax by adding extra **Markdown extensions**, providing you with some nice features.

> **ProTip:** You can disable any **Markdown extension** in the **File properties** dialog.


## SmartyPants

SmartyPants converts ASCII punctuation characters into "smart" typographic punctuation HTML entities. For example:

|                |ASCII                          |HTML                         |
|----------------|-------------------------------|-----------------------------|
|Single backticks|`'Isn't this fun?'`            |'Isn't this fun?'            |
|Quotes          |`"Isn't this fun?"`            |"Isn't this fun?"            |
|Dashes          |`-- is en-dash, --- is em-dash`|-- is en-dash, --- is em-dash|


## KaTeX

You can render LaTeX mathematical expressions using [KaTeX](https://khan.github.io/KaTeX/):

The *Gamma function* satisfying $\Gamma(n) = (n-1)!\quad\forall n\in\mathbb N$ is via the Euler integral

$$
\Gamma(z) = \int_0^\infty t^{z-1}e^{-t}dt\,.
$$

> You can find more information about **LaTeX** mathematical expressions [here](http://meta.math.stackexchange.com/questions/5020/mathjax-basic-tutorial-and-quick-reference).


## UML diagrams

You can render UML diagrams using [Mermaid](https://mermaidjs.github.io/). For example, this will produce a sequence diagram:

```cs
sequenceDiagram
Alice ->> Bob: Hello Bob, how are you?
Bob-->>John: How about you John?
Bob--x Alice: I am good thanks!
Bob-x John: I am good thanks!
Note right of John: Bob thinks a long<br/>long time, so long<br/>that the text does<br/>not fit on a row.

Bob-->Alice: Checking with John...
Alice->John: Yes... John, how are you?
```

And this will produce a flow chart:

```cs
using UnityEngine;
using System;
using System.Collections;
using System.Collections.Generic;
using System.Linq;
using com.rfilkov.kinect;
using Elysium;

using Type = com.rfilkov.kinect.KinectInterop.JointType;

public abstract class SkeletonOverlayer_K4A : MonoBehaviour
{
    #region VARIABLES

    // UI
    [Header("UI")]

    [Tooltip("Game object used to overlay the joints.")]
    public GameObject jointPrefab;

    [Tooltip("Line object used to overlay the bones.")]
    public LineRenderer linePrefab;

    [Tooltip("Camera that will be used to overlay the 3D-objects over the background.")]
    public Camera foregroundCamera;

    [Tooltip("Display FPS.")]
    public UnityEngine.UI.Text FPSText;

    // Graphics
    [Header("Graphics")]

    [Tooltip("Offset of joints. (Default: 3)")]
    [Range(-10, 10)]
    public float JointOffset = 3f;

    [Tooltip("Offset of lines. (Default: 6)")]
    [Range(-10, 10)]
    public float LineOffset = 6f;

    // ETC.
    [Header("etc.")]

    [Tooltip("Index of the player, tracked by this component. 0 means the 1st player, 1 - the 2nd one, 2 - the 3rd one, etc.")]
    public int playerIndex = 0;

    [Tooltip("Scene object that will be used to represent the sensor's position and rotation in the scene.")]
    public Transform sensorTransform;

    [Tooltip("Depth sensor index - 0 is the 1st one, 1 - the 2nd one, etc.")]
    public int sensorIndex = 0;

    //public UnityEngine.UI.Text debugText;

    public GameObject[] joints = null;          // Skeleton joint game objects.
    private LineRenderer[] lines = null;        // Skeleton line renderers.

    // initial body rotation
    private Quaternion initialRotation = Quaternion.identity;

    // reference to KM
    public KinectManager kinectManager = null;

    // background rectangle
    public Rect backgroundRect = Rect.zero;


    float deltaTime = 0.0f;     // for FPS calculation.

    // Kalman Correction
    private Elysium.Math.Kalman kalman;
    private Elysium.Math.KalmanCompute compute;

    // A list of joints for filtering.
    //protected List<Type> jointList;

    // User ID for kinect.
    public ulong userId;

    #endregion

    #region GETTERS AND SETTERS

    private List<Type> m_CustomTypes
    {
        get
        {
            return CustomTypes ?? new List<Type>();
        }
    }

    #endregion

    #region ABSTRACT GETTERS AND SETTERS

    /// <summary>
    /// List of joints to display.
    /// </summary>
    protected abstract List<Type> JointList
    {
        get;
    }

    /// <summary>
    /// List of customized types.
    /// </summary>
    protected abstract List<Type> CustomTypes
    {
        get;
    }

    protected abstract List<int> IgnoredMeasurementList
    {
        get;
    }

    protected abstract List<int> GrantedMeasurementList
    {
        get;
    }

    #endregion

    #region UNITY FUNCTIONS

    protected virtual void Start()
    {
        // Disable this script when current measure doesn't require.
        //if (IgnoredMeasurementList != null)
        //{
        //    if (IgnoredMeasurementList.Contains(Measurement.Current))
        //    {
        //        enabled = false;
        //        return;
        //    }
        //}
        //else if (GrantedMeasurementList != null)
        //{
        //    if (!GrantedMeasurementList.Contains(Measurement.Current))
        //    {
        //        enabled = false;
        //        return;
        //    }
        //}

        // Get the instance of Kinect Manager.
        kinectManager = KinectManager.Instance;

        if (kinectManager && kinectManager.IsInitialized())
        {
            int jointsCount = kinectManager.GetJointCount();

            if (jointPrefab)
            {
                // array holding the skeleton joints
                joints = new GameObject[jointsCount];
                //previousPosition = new Vector3[jointsCount];
                for (int i = 0; i < joints.Length; i++)
                {
                    joints[i] = Instantiate(jointPrefab) as GameObject;
                    joints[i].transform.parent = transform;
                    joints[i].name = ((Type)i).ToString();
                    joints[i].SetActive(false);
                }
            }

            // array holding the skeleton lines
            lines = new LineRenderer[jointsCount];

            // Set Kalman Computing.
            kalman = Elysium.Math.Kalman.Create(jointsCount);
            compute = Elysium.Math.KalmanCompute.Create();
        }

        // always mirrored
        initialRotation = Quaternion.Euler(new Vector3(0f, 180f, 0f));

        PomJoint.Positions = new Vector3[kinectManager.GetJointCount()];
        PomJoint.ColorOverlayPositions = new Vector3[kinectManager.GetJointCount()];

        // Initialize JointPosition
        JointPosition.SetCustomJoint(m_CustomTypes.ToArray());
    }

    protected virtual void Update()
    {
        if (kinectManager && kinectManager.IsInitialized() && foregroundCamera)
        {
            // get the background rectangle (use the portrait background, if available)
            GetBackgroundRect();

            // overlay all joints in the skeleton
            Overlay();
        }

        FPSText.text = GetFPSText();    // 민석: 이 부분은 UIController로 옮겨야 할 듯 합니다.
    }

    #endregion

    #region ABSTRACT FUNCTIONS

    protected abstract void SetCustomJointPos(int joint);

    #endregion

    #region VIRTUAL FUNCTIONS

    /// <summary>
    /// Draw line between joints.
    /// </summary>
    /// <param name="userId"></param>
    /// <param name="joint"></param>
    /// <param name="posJoint"></param>
    /// <param name="lineRenderer"></param>
    protected virtual void DrawLine(ulong userId, int joint, Vector3 posJoint, LineRenderer lineRenderer)
    {
        // overlay the line to the parent joint.
        posJoint.z = LineOffset;

        int jointParent = (int)kinectManager.GetParentJoint((Type)joint);
        Vector3 posParent = kinectManager.GetJointPosColorOverlay(userId, jointParent, sensorIndex, foregroundCamera, backgroundRect);
        posParent.x = -posParent.x;
        posParent.z = LineOffset;
        RenderLine(posParent, posJoint, lineRenderer);
    }

    /// <summary>
    /// Returns angle between two joints.
    /// </summary>
    /// <param name="a"></param>
    /// <param name="b"></param>
    /// <returns></returns>
    public virtual float GetAngle(Type a, Type b, Vector3 axis)
    {
        Vector3 jointVector = PomJoint.Positions[(int)b] - PomJoint.Positions[(int)a];
        return Vector3.SignedAngle(Vector3.right,
            new Vector3(jointVector.x, jointVector.y, 0), axis);
    }

    #endregion

    #region FUNCTIONS

    /// <summary>
    /// Get FPS string.
    /// </summary>
    /// <returns></returns>
    string GetFPSText()
    {
        deltaTime += (Time.deltaTime - deltaTime) * 0.1f;
        float fps = 1.0f / deltaTime;
        return string.Format("{0:F1} FPS", fps);
    }

    /// <summary>
    /// Get a position calibrated by Kalman algorithm.
    /// </summary>
    /// <param name="n"></param>
    /// <param name="posJoint"></param>
    /// <returns></returns>
    protected Vector3 GetKalman(int n, Vector3 posJoint)
    {
        kalman.EST_TEMP[n] = kalman.EST_LAST[n];
        kalman.P_TEMP[n] = compute.DoPredictionF3(kalman.P_LAST[n]);
        kalman.K[n] = compute.GetBenefitF3(kalman.P_TEMP[n]);
        kalman.EST[n] = kalman.EST_TEMP[n] + compute.DoCorrectionF3(kalman.K[n], Elysium.Math.Convert.ToF3(posJoint), kalman.EST_TEMP[n]);
        kalman.P_LAST[n] = compute.UpdateF3(kalman.K[n], kalman.P_TEMP[n]);
        kalman.EST_LAST[n] = kalman.EST[n];
        return Elysium.Math.Convert.ToVector3(kalman.EST[n]);
    }

    protected void SetJoint(int joint)
    {
        // Set position of the joint.
        var actual = kinectManager.GetJointPosition(userId, joint);

        // Get kalman value of the position.
        if (actual != Vector3.zero)
        {
            actual = GetKalman(joint, actual);
        }

        JointPosition.Raw(joint) = GetKalman(joint, actual);

        // Set overlayed position of the joint.
        var overlay = kinectManager.GetJointPosColorOverlay(userId, joint, sensorIndex, foregroundCamera, backgroundRect);
        overlay.x = -overlay.x;     // Reverse its x.
        JointPosition.RawOverlay(joint) = overlay;

        if (m_CustomTypes.Contains((Type)joint))
        {
            SetCustomJointPos(joint);
        }
    }

    // 2020-03-04 오민석: 라인을 렌더링하는 함수입니다.
    /// <summary>
    /// Renders a line from a joint to the other.
    /// </summary>
    /// <param name="posParent"></param>
    /// <param name="posJoint"></param>
    /// <param name="lineRenderer"></param>
    protected void RenderLine(Vector3 posParent, Vector3 posJoint, LineRenderer lineRenderer, Material Material = null)
    {
        if ((Vector2)posJoint != Vector2.zero && (Vector2)posParent != Vector2.zero)
        {
            lineRenderer.gameObject.SetActive(true);
            lineRenderer.GetComponent<LineRenderer>().material = Material;
            //lines[i].SetVertexCount(2);
            lineRenderer.SetPosition(0, posParent);
            lineRenderer.SetPosition(1, posJoint);
        }
        else
        {
            lineRenderer.gameObject.SetActive(false);
        }
    }

    /// <summary>
    /// Gets the background rectangle (use the portrait background, if available)
    /// </summary>
    protected void GetBackgroundRect()
    {
        // get the background rectangle (use the portrait background, if available)
        backgroundRect = foregroundCamera.pixelRect;
        com.rfilkov.components.PortraitBackground portraitBack = com.rfilkov.components.PortraitBackground.Instance;

        if (portraitBack && portraitBack.enabled)
        {
            backgroundRect = portraitBack.GetBackgroundRect();
        }
    }

    /// <summary>
    /// Overlays all joints in the skeleton.
    /// </summary>
    protected void Overlay()
    {
        int jointsCount = kinectManager.GetJointCount();

        if (!kinectManager.IsUserDetected(playerIndex))
        {
            SetSkeletonActive(false);
            return;
        }

        // Overlays every joints and lines.
        userId = kinectManager.GetUserIdByIndex(playerIndex);
        for (int joint = 0; joint < jointsCount; joint++)
        {
            // If the joint or the line is not tracked, disables it.
            if (!IsJointTracked(joint))
            {
                continue;
            }

            // Get the position of the joint.
            SetJoint(joint);

            var overlay = JointPosition.GetOverlay(joint);

            // Filter joints.
            FilterJoints(userId, joint, overlay, joint);

            // Instantiate line renderer.
            if (lines[joint] == null && linePrefab != null)
            {
                lines[joint] = Instantiate(linePrefab) as LineRenderer;
                
                lines[joint].transform.parent = transform;
                lines[joint].gameObject.SetActive(false);
            }

            if (lines[joint] != null)
            {
                // DrawLine delegate.
                DrawLine(userId, joint, overlay, lines[joint]);
            }
        }
    }

    /// <summary>
    /// If the joint or the line is not tracked, disables it.
    /// </summary>
    /// <param name="joint"></param>
    /// <returns></returns>
    bool IsJointTracked(int joint)
    {
        if (kinectManager.IsJointTracked(userId, joint))
        {
            return true;
        }

        if (joints != null)
        {
            joints[joint].SetActive(false);
        }

        if (lines[joint] != null)
        {
            lines[joint].gameObject.SetActive(false);
        }

        return false;
    }

    /// <summary>
    /// Set the state of the skeleton.
    /// </summary>
    /// <param name="active"></param>
    void SetSkeletonActive(bool active)
    {
        for (int i = 0; i < kinectManager.GetJointCount(); i++)
        {
            if (joints[i] != null)
            {
                joints[i].SetActive(active);
            }

            if (lines[i] != null)
            {
                lines[i].gameObject.SetActive(active);
            }
        }
    }

    /// <summary>
    /// Overlay the joint only when jointList has that point.
    /// </summary>
    /// <param name="userId"></param>
    /// <param name="joint"></param>
    /// <param name="posJoint"></param>
    /// <param name="index"></param>
    protected void FilterJoints(ulong userId, int joint, Vector3 posJoint, int index)
    {
        if (joints != null)
        {
            // 2020-03-04 오민석: joint를 필터링함
            // Overlays the joint only when jointList has that joint.
            if (posJoint != Vector3.zero && (JointList == null || JointList.Contains((Type)joint)))
            {
                joints[index].SetActive(true);
                posJoint.z = JointOffset;
                joints[index].transform.position = posJoint;

                Quaternion rotJoint = kinectManager.GetJointOrientation(userId, joint, false);
                rotJoint = initialRotation * rotJoint;
                joints[index].transform.rotation = rotJoint;
            }
            else
            {
                joints[index].SetActive(false);
            }
        }
    }

    /// <summary>
    /// Get the joint in front of the other.
    /// </summary>
    /// <param name="left"></param>
    /// <returns></returns>
    protected Type GetFront(Type left)
    {
        Type right = KinectInterop.GetMirrorJoint(left);

        Vector3 l = JointPosition.Raw((int)left);
        Vector3 r = JointPosition.Raw((int)right);

        return l.z < r.z ? left : right;
    }

    protected Vector3 ColorOverlay(Vector2 colorPosition)
    {
        return kinectManager.GetPosColorOverlay(userId, colorPosition, JointOffset, 0, foregroundCamera, backgroundRect);
    }

    #endregion
}
```
